feat(docs): add configuration guide for typescript (#1122)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/wash/developer-guide/language-support/typescript/index.mdx

- [Key-Value Storage](./key-value-storage.mdx) — replace an in-memory data store with persistent key-value storage
- [Blob Storage](./blob-storage.mdx) — use streaming blob storage for larger objects
- [Messaging](./messaging.mdx) — implement communication between components over a messaging interface

> - [Configuration](./configuration.mdx) — read configuration values injected from Kubernetes ConfigMaps, Secrets, and inline manifests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configuration](./configuration.mdx) — read configuration values injected from Kubernetes ConfigMaps, Secrets, and inline environment variables
```

Not sure exactly how to phrase it, but since they're all kind of "inline in the manifest" I thought this maybe should be phrased differently. Maybe "ad-hoc" is a better descriptor?
